Add variants to drawer and drawer layout (#61)
pxblue/react-component-library: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## v3.0.0

> - Adds support for nested items in the Drawer component; adjusted Drawer and DrawerLayout API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds support for nested items in the Drawer component; 
- Additional styling props added to Drawer
- DrawerLayout API updated for more control over drawer.
```

        ]}
    />
    ```

> - DrawerLayout's `drawer` prop now takes `JSX.Element` instead of `ReactNode`.

Reviewer: Is this still true
